- [Presenter] Before we dive into the details of how
to migrate Java applications,
let's talk a bit about what you should know
before taking the course.
This course is primarily for developers
that want to understand recent changes surrounding
the Java programming language and how their systems
will be impacted by them.
The lessons in the course will quickly get you up
to speed with the current state of the language
and teach you strategies
for migrating older Java applications to newer versions.
This information will primarily benefit individuals
responsible for maintaining Java applications
or planning the life cycle
of an organization's Java-based portfolio.
To get the most out of this course,
you should have some previous Java experience.
You do not need to be an expert
but this course shouldn't be your first exposure
to the language.
Additionally, you should be comfortable
managing multiple versions of Java on your workstation.
I can walk you through these examples on Windows
but if you choose to use another operating system
you should understand how to configure multiple JDKs
on that system.
Finally, a general understanding
of new language features introduced in Java 9 and 10
will help you throughout the course.
We will not be covering these features
in depth in the course but I will touch on them
as we look at new features introduced
in Java 11, 12, 13 and 14.
If you need a refresher, there are some great courses
on the LinkedIn learning platform that covered
the features introduced in Java 9 and 10.
To follow along in the course,
you will need several technologies on your workstation.
The course uses multiple versions of Java
and at various points will require you to have Java 8,
Java 11 and Java 14 installed.
When we explore the new language features in Java 11
through 14, I'll be using Java 14 the entire time
since it contains all
of the previous versions language features.
When we dive into migrating an application
will start in Java 8 and then transitioned to Java 11.
I'll be sure to note these versions throughout the course.
I use eclipse for my day to day development
and in the course, however, you can use the IDE
of your preference.
The only requirement for an IDE
is that it has support for Java 14.
Since Java 14 has just recently been released,
I had to add the Java 14 support for eclipse plugin
to my eclipse installation.
Depending upon when you take the course,
this may or may not be required.
Some of the examples in the course we'll be using Maven
so you will need it installed on your workstation.
Additionally, if you want to follow along
with every step of the course,
you'll need Jenkins installed
but it is only used for a brief period of time
in one of the lessons so it may not be worth the trouble.
Finally, feel free to use whatever operating system
you're comfortable with.
I'll be using Windows but any operating system will work.
That is all you need to know to complete the course.
I'll guide you through the rest.